not capable and has a little video
for you
and that should be this product
you turn that is the new zealand ok
quaid craig lospech so a paste the
why these trips work the
lend oneself to the place where
the three candles to say these blackheads
and I swear on the Martian god
I love her over everything and many
They have already bought themselves from you
and now for many, the question
how best to wear this because at
wrong application does not work
so good
and that's why I wanted to show you
how I have to do it all first
you wet the places but me
believe what the problem is that the
most likely so the face
make a night and much too wet
So it's the water, so to speak
drips down and she then paste
but it must not be put on it
so beautiful with hot water the pores
open I have just such a
old rag was create and then go
one just with
So I equals or with them
hot water and is there for me now
whether the nose and the chin and
then it is enough so there is no need
do not drop anything or anything
just not be completely dry and
That's actually the prerequisite
for this
before you can wear them if he does
All places are moist then we take
the mask
fit here and you can see
probably seen as such a glue
is and then man gives a generous
quantity on the places I start now
Have a look with the child and be nice
generous so not somehow stingy
but be careful with it
well, everything can pull out
and if we is not enough namely
just a little bit more for that
and there is still and then it is
even now is not so wet it sticks
then beautiful and I just nothing
more and I'll do it all the same
the nose
and that's just what I think is a paste
is that just to his face
that can not be adjusted
prefabricated of the chip are for such a
standardized nose or chin or
disturb it and do it the way it is
Club is just right as you can see
can
I always take such a smaller one
amount and then just adds to the places
the paste does not have enough
and it should be so
really you only see the white
So nothing more translucent so to speak
that's actually all that somehow
get closer to the difficult part
So you see what that looks like
you can really see everything now
white and beautiful evenly and as well
nothing lubricated or so that's it
only problem to say what I am
imagine that just that
face was too wet and that you can not
takes enough
and now comes the next one on the
I think pack is ten to fifteen
minutes wait that's true
not so you have to be anyway
can you feel too
you have to wait that it really does
dry after ten minutes 15 is
still a consistency for me
I'm easy with the finger, so to speak
could lose weight and that is not
So be so dry that you can
really have to pull off the ice
take your time and speak already so
30 minutes
I am now waiting for the 30 minutes and
then I'll show you how dry that is
after 30 minutes but you should get up
In each case the time was 30 minutes
over and you can just do it
You do not have to be exactly 30 minutes
have it
but you realize yourself after ten to
15 minutes that if you fit that
still so sticky and that should be if
it's almost impossible anymore
be sticky and should be so on the
end like a little give to solve
but that will not bridge or anything like that
Let's catch the best I have today
on
I do not believe a bit here
thicker on smeared your eyes
So let's see, yes it has gone something
as you can see, it sticks too
sometimes so a little rest take
then you just down and
So I'm a little bit over the top
made that a bit too thick though
no problem now
I took a bit longer
just then I see mine
face water i have this now
cinema in the profit team facebook mensa is there
they have a lot of salicylic acid in it but that
does not mean anything to you now
simply on a button face water
have and go about the silent about it
that's just completely free
from this fit and that is one
Nice basis for your cream
and that was basically taken
it feels or should feel like it
feel very soft and standard and
I like that very much
you can see it on the strip then and
you feel that too and after that
to cream grapes and since I have this
he did not look anymore
back and I will keep it as long as it is
There is always buy and all
Definitely not in a drugstore this
buy trips because it's just a lot
is more effective and a lot cooler if
to fit in the place where you
I hope you have the blackheads
but did not like it
I hope you take the three tips that
there are so with so do the thick well
Do not put too much water on it
Face it and leave it long enough
move one if its three sides
then everything should go well
have fun with it